>> Steve Kinney: It's in the URL.
I need to get at it, right.
It's not a prop or anything like that yet.
We need to figure out how to get that.
React Router has a high order component
called withRouter that will take all of
this route information and
pass it in as props to a given component.
So we'll go ahead and we'll grab that.
So we'll go back to our PostPage, and
we'll say, import withRouter.
>> Steve Kinney: And this is not
dissimilar from the used context concept,
right?
>> Steve Kinney: react-router-dom and
all I have to do is wrap this component,
>> Steve Kinney: withRouter.
And what withRouter does, and
we'll actually write a high
order component in a second, so
if this is black magic to you, we will
dispel the black magic in a little bit.
We're gonna create one of these
called with user in a little bit.
That will like basically use
our abstraction from before and
create the same basic concepts so
we can also pass the user in here for
when they make comments.
But let's go with it for now.
Let's go ahead and
let's just say console.log(this.props).
>> Steve Kinney: These are the props.
You can see there is a history which
is the browser history API for
routing back and forth.
The current location,
>> Steve Kinney: Right,
it's got the given path name and
stuff like that.
Match is the one we care about.
Because if you look at params,
look at that right there.
That's my post ID.
I got it, right?
So we can use that now to
fetch the post from Firebase.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so let's just
go ahead and just to make a point.
>> Steve Kinney: this.props,
we'll say, match.params.id.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, there it is.
Now we know that we can
get it in the component.
My job now is to grab that prop, hook into
Firebase, subscribe to that document,
also get its comments cuz
that's a sub collection right,
subscribe to those as well.
And hold on to the references so
that we can add comments there, right?
And that will be determined by the URL,
which will tell us what to
subscribe to and unsubscribe to.
Awesome, I feel good about this.
All right,
let's give ourselves some helpers.
So we're gonna say get postId
cuz I don't like typing.
He says, hours into this, match.params.id.
So there's our postId.
Now we can just say this.postId from here
on out, which feels a lot better for me.
We'll say this .postRef, this.get postRef,
which is just gonna build on top of that.
And it's gonna return firestore.doc,
>> Steve Kinney: posts/.
Also, in the storage when you
saw me use child, child, child,
child, child, that's cuz I was
layering a lot of variables in there.
I could have done ref and done the same
thing I'm doing with this doc as well.
That would have totally worked.
I just chose not to.
So we'll do the this.postId, right,
which is now based on this one.
So that we're not typing
all of that in there,
we're kind of just building up
the things that we need slowly.
And with a ref, you can always extend
a ref so we can also say this.commentsRef.
>> Steve Kinney: Is return this.postRef.
>> Steve Kinney: So you can see,
each one of these is kind of
building on the last one.
.collection('comments').
>> Steve Kinney: Right, so this is
really slash post, slash that post ID,
slash comments.
Right, we're kind of building each one up.
And now we can get to the document itself,
as well as its sub-collection,
and have both available to us.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll have
the ability to unsubscribeFromPost,
unsubscribeFromComments.
And we just define them here.
I think there's two reasons, one,
technically it's like a V8 performance
thing, which is that we know
the shape of the object.
V8 can make performance optimizations
over dynamically defining properties.
I also like it cuz I feel like it
documents what's actually on this class.
Rare that a performance
tweak actually helps.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so when the component mounts,
we're gonna say this.unsubscribeFromPost
= this.postRef.onSnapshot.
>> Steve Kinney: const post.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's get that
in a way that react likes.
Then we'll this.setState().
Let's do, copy that and
we'll say comments,
commentsRef,
>> Steve Kinney: comments,
this is actually gonna
have to do a map now,
snapshot, because this
is an array of them.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so this
will go ahead and subscribe to both and
on component will unmount.
We will unsubscribe from the post,
cuz this one, they could very well
navigate away from this page.
We do need to clean up.
For instance, when we're doing it in the
application component, or in the providers
that were always alive, that was just
being responsible and good citizens.
And you should totally do that, cuz you
never know how the refactoring goes.
But in this case,
we know that the user is gonna
navigate away from an individual post.
So we need to clean up our
listeners in this case.
But we should always clean
up our listeners, it's fine.
All right, awesome, so
we have both these in place.
Let's actually just see if we
can go into the react tools.
I'll see what I can do with this.
>> Steve Kinney: Go into the post page, so
you can see the state, we've got the post.
We have all the data about the post.
Comments is an array of zero items,
which makes total sense,
we haven't made a comment yet, right?
So I'm not totally surprised by that.
But looks like we have everything
we need from Firebase as
it's happening, which is great.
Okay, now we actually just need a,
like a real UI.
So we'll say const post
comments equals this.state.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll return,
let's call it section.
And,
>> Steve Kinney: If you have the post,
show me a post.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and show the Comments.
>> Steve Kinney: Comment the,
>> Steve Kinney: onCreate.
We'll leave that blank for now.
>> Steve Kinney: So let's see if
we can get everything on the page.
That should do the trick.
>> Steve Kinney: Did not like that so
I'll just put an empty meth in there for
now just make sure it loads.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's skip that for
a second.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
so we can see the post.